\section{track}

While you walk along some trees, you found some gigantics tracks. Without a
shadow of a doubt, you identify them as dargon's. You follow them, with
the goal to find it.

The tracking is in fact quite simple. That creature seems to have no fear, and
seems to have no need to hide. You follow them during a quarter of a mile. The
tracks continue in the grassland. At the turning of the rock, you finally found
the mighty creature. It seems to be aspleep, curled up on itself.

Are you in a bloody mood, and do you want to kill that mythical creature while it
is defensless~(\ref{dragon_battle}), or do you prefer to studie its
habits~(\ref{dragon_studie})?

\section{dragon_battle}

If you are an elf, your battle will continue in~(\ref{battle_death}).

--------------


You extract the two eyes of the dragon, as a trophy. If you are a dwarf, you
also found something in~(\ref{treasure}). Otherwise, go to the village to
celebrate your victory~(\ref{human_drink_victory})!

\section{dragon_studie}

You move closer to the dragon. Lots of bones lie around it. If you are not an
elf, you accidentally broke one. The sound wake up the creature that attack you
in~(\ref{battle_death}).

Otherwise, you are careful enough to let the creature sleep.

---------
The dragon seems to cry. You take a flask from your belt and carefully salvage a
tear.

One you have finished your studie, you go back to the main road. You can either
goin back to the village~(\ref{village}), or continue to some new adventure far
away in the est~(\ref{elf_road}).

\section{elf_road}

Oh! Did you forget to visit the old mistic of the region before going elsewhere.
It told you that you had to do it in the introduction! It is so shameful that
you can start again with an inferior race: as human~(\ref{human}) or as a dwarf
(\ref{dwarf}).

\section{battle_death}

The mighty creature notice you irritated. With some fire in its eyes, it burns
you in one breath. You were not prepared for a death battle. Without having the
time to defend youself, your flesh is choped by the deadly claw of the dragon.

\medbreak

In a minute, your timeless journey begin in the afterword. Do you think it will
be better as a human~(\ref{human}), a dwarf~(\ref{dwarf}) or as an elf~(\ref{elf})?
