\section{lost}

The wood seems darker and darker. You have the impression to be stared by a
malicious presence. The light decrease progressively. You finnaly decide to
sleep there, since you will not able to find the exit of the forest before the
night.

Your night was awfull. Each time you were starting to fall asleep, something
wake you up with a start. As soon as the aurora raise you continue to walk, hoping to
escape of that place. At a point you are conviced that you are lost. I cannot
help you. To be honnest, I will not even remember you. It's the end!

\medbreak

Maybe you will be more careful in your next incarnation as a
human~(\ref{human}), a dwarf~(\ref{dwarf}) or an elf~(\ref{elf}).

\section{edge_of_the_wood}

You stand at the edge of the wood. If you are a dwarf, progress immediatly
on~(\ref{dwarf_edge_of_the_wood}).

\medbreak

Otherwise, you walk between trees and bushes. You have a strange impression.
That forest seems to have its own personnality. At a point, you notice that you
cannot see anything but trees… except that clearing~(\ref{clearing_1}).

\section{dwarf_edge_of_the_wood}

Your greatmother did not repeat you enough time that going into the woods is
the worst thing you can ever done? All forests are evil, they all full of trees!
You have the immediate feeling that it was a really bad idea to came here.

You roam under the terrifying oaks, and the malicious pine tree~(\ref{lost}).

\section{clearing_1}

You feel that it is a good time to take a nap and nibble a bit. After that
break, you are in better form. You look all around you. The only thing that can
be seen is trees.

You can guess in the far-off the sound of a river~(\ref{river}). At the opposite
direction, the lobed-leaved trees seems older, like if they were darker but more
majestic~(\ref{old_tree}).

\section{clearing_2}

You get into a clearing with the feeling to circle in that forest. Only an elf
will notice the small differences between all thoses trees and keep a sane
mind~(\ref{natural_basin}).

Otherwise, you have no idea where you are in that disturbing forest. You walk
with fewer and fewer hope of going out of this place one day. Move yourself
in~(\ref{lost}).

\section{lumberjack}

You progress between the trees, following some sort of path. Your step will
carry you in front of a small house. A man cutting wood with his axe notice and
greets you.

You take the time to discuss and share some food with him. The guy is
nice, and when you explain that your try to found a dragon, he explains to you
where he saw some gigantics tracks for the last time.

He can lead you to the tracks~(\ref{lumberjack_2}), but maybe you prefer to pry
first in a near chapel~(\ref{chapel}), or continue alone~(\ref{edge_of_the_wood})

\section{natural_basin}

Your sharpened eyes saw small light reflecting on leaves. It must come from some
liquid. You walk in it direction and found a pond of vision. It's a perfect
circle of white stone that contain pure water. You lean closer, and suddenly the
reflets turn cloudy. An image appears at the surface of the fluid. Even if it
is not clear, you have the feeling that it's a map of the region. At the west of
a village, in country, you see an old site of prayer. But what catch your
attention is something on the est, near you.

The vision shade off progressively. You take a short nap, and eat a bit
since magic is tiring. Then, find your way with a decided step in~(\ref{track}).

\section{river}

You follow a tiny river witch snakes between trees during a long time. You found
the atmosphere oppressive, full of humidity. Faw away, you ear a damp sound.
It's repetitive. Something like ``\textit{Tchack… tchack… tchack…}''. You can
get a step closer~(\ref{lumberjack}), or in the opposite
direction~(\ref{clearing_2}).

\section{old_tree}

You have a strange impression. The trees that surround you are not only old, but
it is like they have some sort of conciousness. You do not fell in your proper
place.

Hopefully, you quickly found another clearing~(\ref{clearing_2}). You feel a bit
better after leaving that area.

\section{lumberjack_2}

The lumberjack guide you during half of the distance. He say it is too dangerous
now for him to continue, but he describes with precision where he thinks that you
will found the mighty creature. After that, he return to his work.

If you are a dwarf your progression with bring you
on~(\ref{dwarf_edge_of_the_wood}), if not you will arrive in~(\ref{track}).
